Update globalsettings.rst (#6513)
geoserver/geoserver: doc/en/user/source/configuration/globalsettings.rst

Display creation timestamps on administration lists
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

These check boxes can be used to toggle Date of Creation on Workspaces, Stores, Layers, Layer Groups and Styles administration list pages.

> Time of Creation can be seen by hovering mouse over the dates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Time of Creation can be seen by hovering the mouse cursor over the dates.
```

.. _config_globalsettings_display_modify:

Display modification timestamps on administration lists
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

These check boxes can be used to toggle Date of Modification on Workspaces, Stores, Layers, Layer Groups and Styles administration list pages.

> Time of Creation can be seen by hovering mouse over the dates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Time of Modification can be seen by hovering the mouse cursor over the dates.
```
